README.md, before:

# PJRT plugin based on Apple CoreML

The hope is to at some point to get Jax to execute on the Apple Neural Engine (ANE) by going through CoreML.

The ANE is a piece of dedicated hardware withing M-series processors allowing fast and memory-efficient calculations on `fp16` types.

## How to use
In order to run there examples, you need to:

1. Set up a new Python 3.10 or 3.11 (coremltools requirement) environment
2. Install the `stablehlo-coreml-experimental` python package
3. Use the Rust nightly toolchain, and build the dylib using `cargo build`
4. Run the examples, fx `python tests/test_simple.py`

To gain additional error and debug information, you can run the program as:
```sh
RUST_BACKTRACE=1 RUST_LOG=DEBUG python tests/test_simple.py
```

# Missing functionality

* Highly experimental, and not well tested
* Jax PRNG's rely on respectively the `uint32` datatype, as well as the ability to perform logical `and`, `or`, `xor` etc. on `uint32`'s. Unfortunately this is not currently supported through CoreML.
* 

# Benchmarks

I need to perform some proper benchmarks...

Commit message:

Add a few benchmark results to the README

README.md, after:

# PJRT plugin based on Apple CoreML

The hope is to at some point to get Jax to execute on the Apple Neural Engine (ANE) by going through CoreML.

The ANE is a piece of dedicated hardware withing M-series processors allowing fast and memory-efficient calculations on `fp16` types.

## How to use
In order to run there examples, you need to:

1. Set up a new Python 3.10 or 3.11 (coremltools requirement) environment
2. Install the `stablehlo-coreml-experimental` python package
3. Use the Rust nightly toolchain, and build the dylib using `cargo build`
4. Run the examples, fx `python tests/test_simple.py`

To gain additional error and debug information, you can run the program as:
```sh
RUST_BACKTRACE=1 RUST_LOG=DEBUG python tests/test_simple.py
```

# Missing functionality

* Highly experimental, and not well tested
* Jax PRNG's rely on respectively the `uint32` datatype, as well as the ability to perform logical `and`, `or`, `xor` etc. on `uint32`'s. Unfortunately this is not currently supported through CoreML.
* 

# Benchmarks

I did a benchmark result of a matrix multiplication test followed by a reduction to calculate the maximum element (see `tests/run_benchmarks.py` for details).

The key finding is that the power-consumption of the CoreML based implementation is more energy efficient than the Metal (GPU) based implementation in jax-metal.

![Power consumption](plots/power_consumption.png)

However, the running time of using CoreML is around 3x slower compared to jax-metal:

![Running time](plots/running_time.png)
